The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Ben Vogt <benjvogt@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.




This library contains modified content from Appendix B of the OpenOffice.org
"Calc Guide," available at http://wiki.openoffice.org/w/images/b/b3/0300CS3-CalcGuide.pdf.
This content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License,
version 2.0, available at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/legalcode.

The copyright notice found in the OpenOffice.org "Calc Guide" is included in
its complete form below.

Copyright
This document is Copyright Â© 2005 by its contributors as listed in the
section titled Authors. You can distribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of either the GNU General Public License, version 2 or later
(http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html), or the Creative Commons Attribution
License, version 2.0 or later (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/).

All trademarks within this guide belong to their legitimate owners.

Authors

Magnus Adielsson
Richard Barnes
Peter Kupfer
Iain Roberts
Jean Hollis Weber